two and a half years ago I was diagnosed
with multiple sclerosis
I was very very sick I was hospitalized
for
when I got to the hospital I was
extremely weak I can't heart her walking
I have
clothes and I felt very very hopeless
and scared really care just is this
amazing thing and the last hour I that I
had about two months ago
showed no new damage i had the
progression of the disease has stopped
I'm confident that the other damage is
healing for me it's been the difference
between having very poor quality of life
and really really and just really having
an amazing recovery I feel better now
when I probably have felt in about 10
years there may be the ultrasound Fisher
could not find a support for long
time I was at attention twice as long as
the first time
I was so grateful to myself I was
separated the teachers attitude
that is a adapter had me and he's a
traditional Chinese medicine doctor as
well as Western medicine doctors has
been working with a chicken and
spiritual teaching as well as the
medicine also sighs many years before he
starting to teach this particular system
to the public and the process opened up
very quickly last 30 years he has been
slow the training of teachers training
of students just teaching sprayed up
around the country and the farm the
estimates they at least the six million
people in the country as well as
other countries on the risk planet so
become a very very popular former
practice from / simple reason because
it's a very scientifically researched
for its benefits and very much
experimenting me in body with all the
students with all the practitioners or
the bells Philadelphia as well as
additional feeling or life in such a
case documented in 1995 a tumor
disappeared within a few seconds when
for chi gong teachers emitted chi
directly into a student's body the
teachers started by first organizing
healing chi field and directing chi into
the body then by verbally commanding chi
by repeating the words ha la la which
means recover of being well and Fossum
mean dissolve or dissipate they were
able to completely dissolve the black
matter of disease in this case an
abdominal tumor about the size of an
orange the words were carriers strong
intention from the teachers to the
students
the mental component of healings